src/pages/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: homepage
logo: /img/logo.svg
joinUs:
  backgroundImage: /img/join-us-background.png
  button:
    background: '#d6e600'
    children: Join us now
    color: '#333'
    href: '#team'
  title: Join us as we build a better maker space on the blockchain !!!
economy:
  backgroundImage: /img/repairing-economy-background.png
  button:
    background: '#d6e600'
    children: Download WhitePaper
    color: '#333'
    href: '#download'
  columns:
    - body: >-
        50,000 manufacturing factories have closed due to trade deals in the
        past 8 years. This leaves many companies and inventors without the
        proper tools to create their vision.
      title: '50,000'
    - body: >-
        There are over 30,000 utility patent applications tied in the United
        States every year. This number has increased by 30% since 2010. Proving
        that invention is alive and well.
      title: '30,000'
    - body: >-
        In the United States alone Science & Engineering undergraduate degrees
        have risen 19% since 2009. Graduate Degrees in Engineering are up 48% .
      title: 19%
  lowerText: >-
    Just as web based start ups began in coffee shops offering free wifi, the
    new collar industry of engineering start ups requires access to the tools
    found in today’s makerspaces. Maker’s Ark token connects Makers to the
    technology.
  title: Repairing The Global Maker Economy
  upperText: >-
    There are many components to invention.

    Although tools, techniques, technology are always evolving the problem
    solving and hands on experience aspects to the craft remain the same. Maker
    Spaces provide the tools, education, and technology for the inventors of
    today. Below are a few industry facts & figures.
faq:
  backgroundImage: /img/faq-background.png
  questions:
    - answer: >-
        You can take part by registering on the website when the presale period
        officially starts. Payments can be made in ethereum, lisk, shift, ark or
        bitcoin via our backoffice. Redeem will be available at TEC Sale end
        from backoffice through button 'Redeem'. See: guide to ethereum
        contribution
      question: How can I take part in the TEC or Presale?
    - answer: >-
        You can take part by registering on the website when the presale period
        officially starts. Payments can be made in ethereum, lisk, shift, ark or
        bitcoin via our backoffice. Redeem will be available at TEC Sale end
        from backoffice through button 'Redeem'. See: guide to ethereum
        contribution
      question: How can I take part in the TEC or Presale?
  title: FAQ
product:
  body: >-
    Makers Ark is partnered with TheShop.Build Maker Spaces located in San
    Francisco and San Jose. Each location will accept Makers Ark as well as
    Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and Ark. From State of the Art Laser Cutters to
    3D Printers TheShop.Build offers inventors and entrepreneurs endless
    opportunities with their products. For those who are new to Maker Spaces,
    The Shop.Build offers a revolutionary training system that is changing the
    traditional system for students, educators, and makers alike.
  logo: /img/the-shop.svg
  panels:
    - image: /img/company-1.png
      text: dream...
      url: '#test'
    - image: /img/company-2.png
      text: learn...
      url: '#test'
    - image: /img/company-3.png
      text: build...
      url: '#test'
  title: The Nations Leading Marketplace
perks:
  columns:
    - image: /img/group.svg
      text: >-
        Whether a Makers Ark holder would like to spend a day or a lifetime at a
        Maker Space, TheShop.Build offers a variety of Day, Month, Annual, and
        Lifetime passes.
      title: MEMBERSHIPS & DAY PASSES
    - image: /img/group-2.svg
      text: >-
        Members can create a prototype of their invention or recreate a
        blueprint of a design with a Shop.Build team member
      title: PROFESSIONAL CLIENT DEVELOPMENT
    - image: /img/group-3.svg
      text: >-
        Members may also utilize their token to rent out offices for their start
        up. With high speed internet, coffee, and access to the greatest network
        of inventors in California the Makerspace becomes the ultimate coshare
        office.
      title: OFFICE SPACE RENTAL
  title: What to find in the Shop.build Maker Space
company:
  body: >-
    Within its first quarter, the MAKE Token will have one of the largest
    working platforms associated with a physical retail location in the world
    with locations in San Francisco ( and others? ) accepting the token as a
    form of payment for services, education, retail, and workspace.
  logo: /img/ark-labs.svg
  panels:
    - progress: 10
      text: >-
        There is a moment in the life of any aspiring astronomer that it is time
        to buy that first telescope. It’s exciting to think about setting.
      title: Great Team Collaboration
    - progress: 60
      text: >-
        There is a moment in the life of any aspiring astronomer that it is time
        to buy that first telescope. It’s exciting to think about setting.
      title: Great Team Collaboration 2
    - progress: 100
      text: >-
        There is a moment in the life of any aspiring astronomer that it is time
        to buy that first telescope. It’s exciting to think about setting.
      title: Great Team Collaboration 3
  title: Why work with Ark Labs
dpos:
  backgroundImage: /img/blockchain.png
  body: >-
    The Maker’s Ark fork from the Ark blockchain and may be added to any Ark
    desktop wallet using the MAKE network hash ID and the instructions at
    blog.ark.io. A TheShop.Build branded Ark compatible wallet is also available
    for download at TheShop.Build for desktop and mobile devices.

    Makers Ark is a Delegated Proof of Stake, DPoS, blockchain, in which 51
    active delegates are voted on by token holders to secure and maintain the
    network. As such, the MAKE network is ultimately owned and controlled by the
    users through their voting for the delegates. There is an inflation rate
    determined by a constant 2 MAKE tokens per block forged by the delegate
    creating the block, with a new block created every 8 seconds, resulting in
    an initial inflation of 6.31% for the first year, 5.93% for the second year
    the percentage of which decreases with each subsequent year with the
    constant creation rate of new MAKE ending with 4.02% in the 10th year. DPoS
    has proven to be a fast, reliable, and efficient blockchain technology
    requiring far less energy and computing resources than other consensus
    methods…

    The Ark based wallets are very secure and easier to use than most other
    blockchain wallets, and do not require the download and installation of the
    entire blockchain. A hardware USB device, the Ledger Nano, is available from
    either the Ark store, TheShop.Build, at Ark.io or Ledger.io to further
    secure the desktop wallet from hacks and keystroke loggers, and is highly
    recommended for MAKE and any other significant crypto holdings of supported
    tokens, including Ark and Ark based tokens. Unlike other Ledger wallets, the
    Ark based wallets are standalone, not requiring Chrome browser extensions or
    use in any browser.

    The Makers Ark token is a utility token that allows access to technology
    based products and technology based services of TheShop.Build and does not
    represent any equity share in TheShop.Build Inc., and there is no guarantee
    of any value other than in exchange for offerings by TheShop.Build at an
    exchange rate to be determined by TheShop.Build which will likely vary
    according to prevailing market conditions. There is also no guarantee that
    Makers Ark tokens will be listed on an exchange since that is up to the
    individual exchanges, and not under the control or determined by the Makers
    Ark team, Inc.
  button:
    background: '#d6e600'
    children: Ark Blockchain DPoS
    color: '#333'
    href: '#dpos'
  title: The Makers Ark Blockchain DPoS
newsletter:
  backgroundImage: /img/repairing-economy-background.png
  title: Subscribe to our newsletter
roadmap:
  events:
    - date: 24 Oct 2017
      text: Presale Start Bonus 5%
    - date: 25 Oct 2017
      text: Presale Start Bonus 15%
    - date: 26 Oct 2017
      text: Presale Start Bonus 25%
    - date: 29 Oct 2017
      text: Presale Start Bonus 35%
    - date: 24 Oct 2018
      text: Presale Start Bonus 45%
    - date: 25 Oct 2018
      text: Presale Start Bonus 55%
    - date: 26 Oct 2018
      text: Presale Start Bonus 65%
    - date: 29 Oct 2018
      text: Presale Start Bonus 75%
  title: Roadmap
distribution:
  distribution:
    - color: '#f7a825'
      name: Team
      value: 30
    - color: '#e52839'
      name: Sale
      value: 70
  title: Token Distribution
  tranches:
    - name: Tranch 1
      value: 10
    - name: Tranch 2
      value: 20
    - name: Tranch 3
      value: 40
    - name: Tranch 4
      value: 30
team:
  members:
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 222
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 2
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 3
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 4
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 5
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 6
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 7
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 8
  title: Our Team
partners:
  partners:
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
  title: Partners
contact:
  address: '231 North Star  34th Street, Suite #100 Cupertino, 98103'
  socialLinks:
    - href: 'https://facebook.com/'
      image: /img/facebook.svg
    - href: 'https://twitter.com/'
      image: /img/twitter.svg
    - href: 'https://linkedin.com/'
      image: /img/linked-in.svg
    - href: 'https://google.com/'
      image: /img/google-plus.svg
  title: Contact Us
copyright: © 2018  Copyrights are Creative Commons
---

Commit message:

Fix build due to product subtitle bug

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: homepage
logo: /img/logo.svg
joinUs:
  backgroundImage: /img/join-us-background.png
  button:
    background: '#d6e600'
    children: Join us now
    color: '#333'
    href: '#team'
  title: Join us as we build a better maker space on the blockchain
economy:
  backgroundImage: /img/repairing-economy-background.png
  button:
    background: '#d6e600'
    children: Download WhitePaper
    color: '#333'
    href: '#download'
  columns:
    - body: >-
        50,000 manufacturing factories have closed due to trade deals in the
        past 8 years. This leaves many companies and inventors without the
        proper tools to create their vision.
      title: '50,000'
    - body: >-
        There are over 30,000 utility patent applications tied in the United
        States every year. This number has increased by 30% since 2010. Proving
        that invention is alive and well.
      title: '30,000'
    - body: >-
        In the United States alone Science & Engineering undergraduate degrees
        have risen 19% since 2009. Graduate Degrees in Engineering are up 48% .
      title: 19%
  lowerText: >-
    Just as web based start ups began in coffee shops offering free wifi, the
    new collar industry of engineering start ups requires access to the tools
    found in today’s makerspaces. Maker’s Ark token connects Makers to the
    technology.
  title: Repairing The Global Maker Economy
  upperText: >-
    There are many components to invention.

    Although tools, techniques, technology are always evolving the problem
    solving and hands on experience aspects to the craft remain the same. Maker
    Spaces provide the tools, education, and technology for the inventors of
    today. Below are a few industry facts & figures.
faq:
  backgroundImage: /img/faq-background.png
  questions:
    - answer: >-
        You can take part by registering on the website when the presale period
        officially starts. Payments can be made in ethereum, lisk, shift, ark or
        bitcoin via our backoffice. Redeem will be available at TEC Sale end
        from backoffice through button 'Redeem'. See: guide to ethereum
        contribution
      question: How can I take part in the TEC or Presale?
    - answer: >-
        You can take part by registering on the website when the presale period
        officially starts. Payments can be made in ethereum, lisk, shift, ark or
        bitcoin via our backoffice. Redeem will be available at TEC Sale end
        from backoffice through button 'Redeem'. See: guide to ethereum
        contribution
      question: How can I take part in the TEC or Presale?
  title: FAQ
product:
  body: >-
    Makers Ark is partnered with TheShop.Build Maker Spaces located in San
    Francisco and San Jose. Each location will accept Makers Ark as well as
    Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and Ark. From State of the Art Laser Cutters to
    3D Printers TheShop.Build offers inventors and entrepreneurs endless
    opportunities with their products. For those who are new to Maker Spaces,
    The Shop.Build offers a revolutionary training system that is changing the
    traditional system for students, educators, and makers alike.
  logo: /img/the-shop.svg
  panels:
    - image: /img/company-1.png
      text: dream...
      url: '#test'
    - image: /img/company-2.png
      text: learn...
      url: '#test'
    - image: /img/company-3.png
      text: build...
      url: '#test'
  subtitle: "Accepted In Brick & Mortar Maker Spaces"
  title: The Nations Leading Marketplace
perks:
  columns:
    - image: /img/group.svg
      text: >-
        Whether a Makers Ark holder would like to spend a day or a lifetime at a
        Maker Space, TheShop.Build offers a variety of Day, Month, Annual, and
        Lifetime passes.
      title: MEMBERSHIPS & DAY PASSES
    - image: /img/group-2.svg
      text: >-
        Members can create a prototype of their invention or recreate a
        blueprint of a design with a Shop.Build team member
      title: PROFESSIONAL CLIENT DEVELOPMENT
    - image: /img/group-3.svg
      text: >-
        Members may also utilize their token to rent out offices for their start
        up. With high speed internet, coffee, and access to the greatest network
        of inventors in California the Makerspace becomes the ultimate coshare
        office.
      title: OFFICE SPACE RENTAL
  title: What to find in the Shop.build Maker Space
company:
  body: >-
    Within its first quarter, the MAKE Token will have one of the largest
    working platforms associated with a physical retail location in the world
    with locations in San Francisco ( and others? ) accepting the token as a
    form of payment for services, education, retail, and workspace.
  logo: /img/ark-labs.svg
  panels:
    - progress: 10
      text: >-
        There is a moment in the life of any aspiring astronomer that it is time
        to buy that first telescope. It’s exciting to think about setting.
      title: Great Team Collaboration
    - progress: 60
      text: >-
        There is a moment in the life of any aspiring astronomer that it is time
        to buy that first telescope. It’s exciting to think about setting.
      title: Great Team Collaboration 2
    - progress: 100
      text: >-
        There is a moment in the life of any aspiring astronomer that it is time
        to buy that first telescope. It’s exciting to think about setting.
      title: Great Team Collaboration 3
  title: Why work with Ark Labs
dpos:
  backgroundImage: /img/blockchain.png
  body: >-
    The Maker’s Ark fork from the Ark blockchain and may be added to any Ark
    desktop wallet using the MAKE network hash ID and the instructions at
    blog.ark.io. A TheShop.Build branded Ark compatible wallet is also available
    for download at TheShop.Build for desktop and mobile devices.

    Makers Ark is a Delegated Proof of Stake, DPoS, blockchain, in which 51
    active delegates are voted on by token holders to secure and maintain the
    network. As such, the MAKE network is ultimately owned and controlled by the
    users through their voting for the delegates. There is an inflation rate
    determined by a constant 2 MAKE tokens per block forged by the delegate
    creating the block, with a new block created every 8 seconds, resulting in
    an initial inflation of 6.31% for the first year, 5.93% for the second year
    the percentage of which decreases with each subsequent year with the
    constant creation rate of new MAKE ending with 4.02% in the 10th year. DPoS
    has proven to be a fast, reliable, and efficient blockchain technology
    requiring far less energy and computing resources than other consensus
    methods…

    The Ark based wallets are very secure and easier to use than most other
    blockchain wallets, and do not require the download and installation of the
    entire blockchain. A hardware USB device, the Ledger Nano, is available from
    either the Ark store, TheShop.Build, at Ark.io or Ledger.io to further
    secure the desktop wallet from hacks and keystroke loggers, and is highly
    recommended for MAKE and any other significant crypto holdings of supported
    tokens, including Ark and Ark based tokens. Unlike other Ledger wallets, the
    Ark based wallets are standalone, not requiring Chrome browser extensions or
    use in any browser.

    The Makers Ark token is a utility token that allows access to technology
    based products and technology based services of TheShop.Build and does not
    represent any equity share in TheShop.Build Inc., and there is no guarantee
    of any value other than in exchange for offerings by TheShop.Build at an
    exchange rate to be determined by TheShop.Build which will likely vary
    according to prevailing market conditions. There is also no guarantee that
    Makers Ark tokens will be listed on an exchange since that is up to the
    individual exchanges, and not under the control or determined by the Makers
    Ark team, Inc.
  button:
    background: '#d6e600'
    children: Ark Blockchain DPoS
    color: '#333'
    href: '#dpos'
  title: The Makers Ark Blockchain DPoS
newsletter:
  backgroundImage: /img/repairing-economy-background.png
  title: Subscribe to our newsletter
roadmap:
  events:
    - date: 24 Oct 2017
      text: Presale Start Bonus 5%
    - date: 25 Oct 2017
      text: Presale Start Bonus 15%
    - date: 26 Oct 2017
      text: Presale Start Bonus 25%
    - date: 29 Oct 2017
      text: Presale Start Bonus 35%
    - date: 24 Oct 2018
      text: Presale Start Bonus 45%
    - date: 25 Oct 2018
      text: Presale Start Bonus 55%
    - date: 26 Oct 2018
      text: Presale Start Bonus 65%
    - date: 29 Oct 2018
      text: Presale Start Bonus 75%
  title: Roadmap
distribution:
  distribution:
    - color: '#f7a825'
      name: Team
      value: 30
    - color: '#e52839'
      name: Sale
      value: 70
  title: Token Distribution
  tranches:
    - name: Tranch 1
      value: 10
    - name: Tranch 2
      value: 20
    - name: Tranch 3
      value: 40
    - name: Tranch 4
      value: 30
team:
  members:
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 2
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 3
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 4
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 5
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 6
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 7
    - description: CEO - Founder MAKERS ARK
      image: /img/team-0.jpg
      name: Mike Doty 8
  title: Our Team
partners:
  partners:
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
    - image: /img/ark-labs.svg
  title: Partners
contact:
  address: '231 North Star  34th Street, Suite #100 Cupertino, 98103'
  socialLinks:
    - href: 'https://facebook.com/'
      image: /img/facebook.svg
    - href: 'https://twitter.com/'
      image: /img/twitter.svg
    - href: 'https://linkedin.com/'
      image: /img/linked-in.svg
    - href: 'https://google.com/'
      image: /img/google-plus.svg
  title: Contact Us
copyright: © 2018  Copyrights are Creative Commons
---
